buddy
wanna bleep God thanks again
begone
fate with you let us believe God
the name of Jesus videos
internet of facing situation down
they don't know what life has seen
defective engine they get fried out to
help
the place where believe God we're
praying this morning because they did
not tune in to this program by accident
father we believe that as we pray
because a warrior's soul of that
infection
perfect ramble right to stand a minute
month at righteousness is not our way
but it is intended righteousness price
and what he didn't intro we join faith
with him whisper Phaeton in them yes God
at you worthless maybe there should cook
them more
our God is saying I would
someone intestinal Vanquish flame my god
is saying that when they come tonight
blood developer must render Modesto but
God has said you will never be lesser
your method resembling a head tail and
problem we command every spirit favorite
theme without opinion that is trying to
pollute that man that is driving
destroyed a fake recommend oni michelle
pick up in the name of Jesus
come on a Mexican aim of Jesus Christ
they seemed bothered into attention
because this is in my spirit and
somebody watching body internet father
is facing a life-or-death situation
they're struggling for the mystery with
no suicide the struggle
not with furniture and barrel out of the
field but I'm here to declare to them
and to the whole world and heaven dabble
in hell that Jesus Christ has set them
free gang of power and taller
that's an should no longer have that
make it over there who know that we can
ban healing we come and deliver have
authority Adam and Eve with Jesus Christ
thank you God for bringing and son Jack
we thank you for storing and marriage
thank you for breaking mortgages we fake
it when healing of the swine flu we
thank God for healing of it
we thank God we hear a truck through we
thank you God with healing of lumbago
and other riders in what condition and
diabetes and kidney problems it little
problem we thanking God we're healing in
sickness sale if they come on we're
healing and STDs we thank you God
because you are the healer and father we
thank you so much but it's all encrypted
you follow great makes it a great
testimony to be done in the name
surprised when declared a minimum duck
your hands go rat agreement uh this
morning in the hall another wonderful
God we serve fries got this time to time
for tie the far-off in let's get your
hand together hallelujah
hey men this past week we had over 2,000
visitors to our sites that heard the
gospel and I had opportunity to to to go
I do every week but I don't do it
because it would take too long to put
together all the numbers but I was
looking at different countries that were
listening to the gospel and I they not
only will listen to the song but they
were listening to the sermons and also
to the Bible studies Saudi Arabia Qatar
Kuwait Turkey nice Middle Eastern
countries Egypt and I just found out
this past week that Egypt is
predominantly Islamic as a predominant
if Islamic country I was not aware of
that and in the gospel they were
receiving the gospel and easier I
realized as a number of Americans that
are in these different countries and so
I have no way of telling who is
listening to but the beauty but I thank
God that somebody in these countries is
listening to the preached word of the
gospel of Jesus Christ
I think of that we have been given an
honor and a privilege to go beyond these
four roles that to tell others at the
uncompromised truth that Jesus Christ is
alive so over 2,000 visitors this past
week and I'm looking forward to the to
the week in which we have ten twenty
thirty a hundred thousand folks that
come across the site and you said well
lesson you said you don't really believe
it oh yeah I do
oh yes I do Lord said and James do you
have not because you ask not
so I'm asking God for big thing I'm
asking God to bring in the drug addicts
I'm asking to bring in the prostitutes
I'm actually breaking the homosexuals
I'm asking to bring in those that are
bound in a cult I'm asking bringing a
low-down dirty heathen to a loss and
only way to hell I'm asking God to break
in the hard cases hallelujah he said ask
and you shall receive so I believe in
God so we thank the Lord for all that
you are sowing
to this ministry and we believe in God
even greater things please Stan versus
Lamb of God how we thank you so much for
the privilege and honor to be able to
sow seeds into your work and we ask
father that you once again touches that
you will bless this and that you will
encourage us we pray that that which is
given that it will be used for your
glory and we ask that you bless the
recipient we actually bless those that
are by the internet as well
Maynard I was struggling to to pay for
the basic necessities of life but we
believe in that a door wave will be open
that they may be able to to receive the
funds that they need help them father in
all that they do and for the god I mean
directed we forever give you the praise
on our honor and glory in the name of
Jesus Christ we ask it
amen amen praise lord please come and
give the Lord and maybe do so praise God
I'm so glad Jesus
Jesus set me free
but Jesus
Jesus sent me
but wait shouting bingo tree oh wait
Shelton
ha
I counted Victor
Lord amen hallelujah
please be seated